What are the return values from the fork() function from the point of view of the parent and child process?
    When successful a value of 0 in the child process and returns the child’s pid to the parent process. If not successful, a value of -1 to the parent process.
What function is used to get the ID of a process?
    getpid
What function is used to get the ID of the parent process? 
    getppid
What is a process image?
    the program that the process is executing
What happens to the original process image when exec() is called?
        Starting execution of a new program causes the process to forget all about its previous process image; when the new program exits, the process exits too, instead of returning to the previous process image.
What are the differences among the family of exec() functions?
The exec() family consists of 7 different function which are the following:
    execv - executes the file name by the filename as a new process image
    execl - similar to execv but argv are specified instead of on an array
    execve - similar to execl but you can specify the environment for the new program as the env argument
    fexecve - similar to execve but the file descriptor fd is used instead of identyinf the program executable by its pathname
    execle - similar to execl but you can specify the environment for the new program explicitly
    execvp - similar to execv with the exception that it searches directories listed in the environments PATH variables to find the file name of a filename if it is not contained as a slash
    execlp - similar to execl with the exception that it performs the same search that execvp does
Explain the id_t waitpid (pid_t pid, int *status-ptr, int options) function
    The waitpid function is used to request status information from a child process whose process ID is pid.
Explain the pid_t wait (int *status-ptr) function
    This is a simplified version of waitpid, and is used to wait until any one child process terminates. 
Explain its difference with waitpid()
    Wait is a simplified version of waitpid, the main difference is that waitpid can use a specific child’s ID, while wait just waits for any child process. 
    Keep in mind, waitpid can be made to behave in a similar way to wait by using the call “waitpid(-1, &status, 0)”